Chihiro: "..."
Chihiro: "...Huh."
That's not good.
It's probably due to the pressure on my chest.
I had a really unpleasant dream.
Chihiro: "...?"
Huh?
Shota's futon is empty.
It's unusual for him to get up before the alarm goes off.
Chihiro: "..."
Chihiro: "...Shota?"
He's not here.
At least, I can't see him anywhere.
But I only felt anxious for a moment.
Because I soon heard the sound of flushing from the toilet.
Chihiro: "..."
It's been 20 minutes since then.
Shota is still holed up in the toilet.
There was no sign of him coming out.
This is too long, no matter how you look at it.
I reluctantly approached the door.
While wondering about the silence inside.
Just when I was about to knock...
Slammm...
Chihiro: "Ah..."
Shota: "Ku...!"
His face is pale.
Chihiro: "Wh-What happened?"
Shota: "My, my stomach's not feeling well..."
Chihiro: "Eh~."
Shota: "I'll, I'll be okay if I lie down for a bit."
He staggered into the next room, a Japanese-style room.
He's trying to crawl back into his futon.
Shota: "Ugh..."
But the next moment.
He straightened his bent body.
He rushed past me with a speed too fast for my eyes to follow.
Chihiro: "W-Wait..."
His destination is the toilet again.
The door was slammed shut as he dashed in.
Time rewinds to the state before he came out.
Chihiro: "..."
He looks worse than he appears.
Could it be because he ate too much yakisoba?
Or did he catch a chill in his stomach?
Maybe it wasn't good for me to give him a blowjob.
Chihiro: "Hm..."
You shouldn't try to stop diarrhea when it's like this.
You should try to expel the bad stuff as much as possible.
If you're going to take medicine, it's better to do it after that.
Shota has to go out after noon.
I have to make sure he's better by then...
...
Yusaku: "..."
Yusaku: "Ha... ah..."
The blue sky peeking through the gap in the curtains.
It's a nice day, isn't it?
There's no chance of the festival being postponed.
In other words, it's a perfect day for rape.
Hey, wife.
Did you sleep well last night?
Your husband probably won't be gone until the afternoon.
While he's struggling at the food stalls...
You're going to have sex with me.
I bet you'll be surprised.
At the difference from the first time you accepted me.
All the women I've been with were like that.
Confused by their own adaptation.
Cursing their less painful vaginas.


That thick sensation is violating even her mind.
But the wife won't break easily.
That's what sets her apart from other foolish women.
That's why I thoroughly tormented her.
To further expand your weaknesses...
...
Chihiro: "..."
Shota, lying on the sofa.
He's finally running a fever.
At this point, it seems there's not just one cause.
Maybe all the fatigue up to now has suddenly caught up with him.
Shota: "Chihiro..."
Chihiro: "Wh-What?"
Shota: "What time is it?"
Chihiro: "It's... about afternoon."
Shota: "I see..."
Chihiro: "..."
I kneel down next to him.
Gently stroking his back.
I made him take the medicine 30 minutes ago.
Of course, with hot water, not cold.
But his condition doesn't seem to improve.
With each trip to the toilet, his steps become unsteady.
Every time he comes out, he looks like he's about to cry.
So even when he returns to the sofa, Shota is always facing backwards.
Barely moving.
Occasionally, he tries to reach for his cell phone on the pillow.
But then he withdraws his hand midway.
Chihiro: "(Sigh...)"
No one will help us, will they?
There were no volunteers from the start.
The only ally for Shota now is me.
I have to be strong for him at times like this...
...
Yusaku: "..."
Yusaku: "...Huh."
I can't seem to shake off my sleepiness.
Even though it's already half past three.
Probably my mistake was taking a second nap without a care.
I didn't even set an alarm.
I almost ruined my plan.
Yusaku: "Yawn... Ah... Ha..."
Here and there are families in yukata.
It seems like this year's festival is even more successful than last year.
Maybe 150 yakisoba servings won't be enough.
Listen, Akizuki.
Don't just focus on making yakisoba.
Watch the crowd and place additional orders as soon as necessary.
Otherwise, you'll miss the best selling time.
Yusaku: "..."
He's better than before, but his planning is lightweight.
There's a high chance it'll go exactly as I expect.
I move to the corner of the train and stealthily take out my cell phone.
Geez.
He's really a handful.
Beep.
Come out quickly.
This message is the turning point of the game.
Damn it.
Are you so busy preparing that you're ignoring your phone?
Yusaku: "Tch..."
Useless guy.
What am I supposed to do with you?
I don't care anymore.
I'll stop by the shrine.
Yusaku: "Hmph..."
I don't care anymore.
It's his fault for not coming out.


The smell of burnt sauce will haunt you until you die. I'll be enjoying your beloved wife.

...
...
...
Yusaku: "..."
It takes about 30 minutes to get to Chihiro's apartment. I have enough time to make a detour to the shrine on the way. It's fun to pay respects to the husband before violating his wife. Above all, it's a good way to wake up.

...
Yusaku: "..."
Damn it.
Being an assistant in the neighborhood association and all that stuff. I keep running into familiar faces everywhere. I can't make progress because of all the greetings. And the free drinks that I don't even want to drink. It took more time than I planned.

Yusaku: "..."
Just a little more.
Government-related stalls are always near the shrine. The time is 5 in the afternoon. Yet it's so crowded. But as I go deeper, there are fewer and fewer people. When I pass the goldfish scooping stand, I can walk without worrying about the coming and going.

The finance bureau's stall is on the far right. What? The area in front of the stall is unusually deserted. Not just ours, but also the personnel department's. Are they both sold out and waiting for the expected arrival of ingredients?

Yusaku: "(Gee...)"
Chihiro: "..."
I grab my thigh with the hand in my pocket. This isn't a dream. Why is Chihiro here?

Yusaku: "Hey, hey."
Chihiro: "Ah..."
Yusaku: "Where is he?"
Chihiro: "Well... He's not feeling well, so..."
Yusaku: "Huh?"
A bolt from the blue. Even I am taken aback and my face hardens.

Yusaku: "The... noodles..."
Did they run out? I was about to ask, but then I noticed. The yakisoba packed in containers is piled up high. It doesn't seem to be doing well at all.

Yusaku: "How much did you sell?"
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yusaku: "..."
What's going on? Is today the day you can't eat yakisoba? That can't be. I turn around as if I remembered something. The personnel department's side also has no customers. In fact, there's no one in the store.

Yusaku: "Why isn't anyone there?"
Chihiro: "Well... The personnel department ran out of noodles..."
Yusaku: "Gee..."
Did they sell out? Looking at it as she said, there is no stock left. The noren (shop curtain) is proudly lowered on the side of the stall. They've already declared it sold out, and there's a paper attached to it. It's at an angle that's hard to see from our shop. With a bad feeling, I quickly go around. As I thought, I was shocked at first glance.


"Yakisoba sales start from 6 o'clock, no matter where you are"
The words are handwritten in large characters. No wonder the foot traffic stops here.
Yusaku: "...Hey, you ugly."
Chihiro: "Y-yes?"
Yusaku: "Why didn't you call me?"
Chihiro: "Sho-chan said not to bother the section chief..."
Yusaku: "You think I'd feel bothered by something like this?"
Chihiro: "..."
Yusaku: "While the Personnel Department's yakisoba was selling like hotcakes, you sat here without so much as attracting customers."
Chihiro: "B-but..."
Yusaku: "This isn't the time to be saying you don't want to stand out."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yusaku: "Damn it."
Chihiro: "I-I'm sorry..."
Yusaku: "Don't cry."
Chihiro: "Yes..."
Yusaku: "..."
What to do now?
I look around. 
First, I approach the Personnel Department's stand and tear off the annoying sign.
I also turn off the gas valve.
No one can outdo me when it comes to harassment.
Yusaku: "You, idiot over there."
Chihiro: "..."
Yusaku: "Pour the sauce over the iron plate."
Chihiro: "What?"
Yusaku: "Spread the smell of burning around."
Chihiro: "The smell of burning..."
Yusaku: "Only let in customers wearing yukatas. I'll focus on attracting customers, you just keep making yakisoba."
Chihiro: "O-okay."
Yusaku: "Are the guys from Personnel men?"
Chihiro: "...Two young men."
Yusaku: "Then stand up and take off your apron."
Chihiro: "Why?"
Yusaku: "Just do it."
Chihiro: "But without this, the sauce will splatter..."
Yusaku: "Your looks are also a point to attract customers, right?"
Chihiro: "Ah..."
Yusaku: "If you understand, then get to it. We'll catch up by six."
Chihiro: "..."

Strange as it seems, I agree.
I do as he says and remove my apron, and pour a lot of sauce onto the iron plate.
The smoke rises thickly.
The intense smell almost chokes me.
The devil shouts loudly near the stall, attracting the attention of everyone nearby.
But the truly amazing part comes after.
He approaches families with a kind face I've never seen before and skillfully directs them towards the stall.
It's almost like aggressive salesmanship.
I'm surprised by this forceful method.
Chihiro: "Ah..."


But the leisurely observation only lasted at first.
The previous quietness turned into busyness as if it was a lie.
I had become a machine making yakisoba.
If I didn't, I wouldn't be able to keep up.
Customers keep coming one after another.
Why is there such a difference?
A line formed in front of the stall,
And the crowd was so dense that I felt dizzy.
...
Yusaku: "...Hey."
Chihiro: "Y-yes?"
Yusaku: "The additional noodles will arrive in 15 minutes."
Chihiro: "O-okay."
Yusaku: "Also, don't just stay quiet, raise your voice."
Chihiro: "M-me...?"
Yusaku: "It's not a big deal if you try it once."
Chihiro: "..."
He left.
Even if he says that, I can't raise my voice.
It's embarrassing after all.
Chihiro: "(Ah...)"
The people from the Personnel Department came back.
One of them looked surprised when he saw us.
The other one was picking up the torn paper with a grim look.
It feels like a load off my mind.
I no longer mind the busyness.
I have to sell even more.
I have to work hard for Sho-chan.
They're just as desperate as we are.
They must have received the noodles, the Personnel Department also resumed their business.
They started to call out to customers, imitating our way.
But they were stopped by the devil in the middle of their pitch.
They were quickly guided to my side.
The person who was stolen had a serious look.
He's complaining about something from behind.
Of course, the devil pretends not to know.
Chihiro: "Uh..."
This is bad.
He must have been unable to tolerate that attitude.
A hand stretching from behind reached for the devil's shoulder.
What if it turns into a fight?
But the moment he turned around,
The other person suddenly stiffened his face.
He hastily pulled back his hand.
And that was the end of it.
The devil was still looking back.
He was staring intently at the departing man's back.
Chihiro: "..."
Of course.
No one can stand up to that snake-like gaze.
A truly scary thing.
The person who complained returned to his stall and held a strategy meeting.
They were talking seriously with gestures.
From there, it became a real battle to attract customers.
There were two of them.
Of course, we can't afford to lose either.
Chihiro: "Welcome."
Chihiro: "We have freshly made delicious yakisoba~."
Before I knew it, I was raising my voice.
It's true what he said.
The only time I felt embarrassed was the first time I raised my voice.
Chihiro: "Thank you very much~."


An unusual heat was emanating just around the yakisoba shop.
It really felt like a festival.
And it wasn't just the atmosphere around me.
I felt it too.
This was the first time I was so absorbed.
When I was alone, I would have a staring contest with the clock.
But now, without a moment to catch my breath, time flies by...
...
...
...