The onomatopoeia "ざくっ" seems to be describing a particular sound or action, but without more specific context, it's hard to provide an exact translation. It might be a sound of chopping, slicing, or rustling, for example.
Here's the translation for the text:
*Rustle...rustle...rustle...
Yusaku: "Haah..."
Rustle...rustle...rustle...rustle...
Yusaku: "Haah...haah..."
Rustle...rustle...rustle...rustle...
Yusaku: "Haah...haah...haah...haah..."
...Two years later...
**:** "Hey, Tanabe-san."
Tanabe: "..."
A loud voice from downstairs.
Damn.
I had just started taking a nap.
Tanabe: "What is it?"
**:** "Is Tanabe-san on the second floor?"
Tanabe: "...I am."
Stupid guy.
Match your voice with your face already.
It's been two years since I came here.
Is your brain made of sponge?
**:** "Well, tell them we have a guest."
Tanabe: "..."
A guest?
In this remote mountain lodge?
I check the inner pocket of my work clothes.
It's fine.
I'm in this outfit even when I sleep.
There's no way it would be gone.
It's just past noon.
I gently open the window of the lodge with my fingertips.
I look down at the work area with an innocent face.
An unfamiliar white light van is there.
A silver sedan is hiding in the shadow of the gravel truck.
The light van's window is smoke-colored.
It has that kind of look.
Tanabe: "...Phew."
I take a small, deep breath.
The cicada chorus is as noisy as ever.
These insects are getting aroused.
++: "Are you Tanabe-san?"
Tanabe: "..."
You came to meet me before I went to you?
There are three unfamiliar men at the entrance to the dining hall.
Including the two hiding in the shadows, that makes five.
From the looks of it, there might be more under the window.
That's quite a big deal.
This is what they call a waste of taxpayers' money.
++: "You are Tanabe Masamitsu, also known as Zama Yusaku, right?"
Tanabe: "What if I am?"
The most unattractive man among the three.
He's grinning as he compares me with a photo in his hand.
++: "In other words, it's time to pay your dues."
He pulls out a black notebook and a piece of paper from his pocket.
The notebook has the three words I hate most written in gold.
Detective of the Metropolitan Police Department: "We are arresting you on suspicion of murder, damaging a corpse, and abandonment of a corpse."
Yusaku: "That's impressive."
Detective of the Metropolitan Police Department: "Hmph..."
The man doesn't change his expression.
A seasoned veteran, huh?
I'm honored that you've sent such a person to me.
Detective of the Metropolitan Police Department: "12:20. The suspect is secured."
Yusaku: "Isn't it a bit early to declare that?"
Rustle!!*
Detective of the Metropolitan Police Department: "Ah!!"
I don't give them a chance to rush over.
I stab my own heart with a sharp knife.
It slips right past my ribcage.
Yusaku: "Ah..."
It's surprisingly painful.
Dying, that is.
Is this what those two felt like?
I can't blame them if they hold a grudge.
But they're in heaven.
I'm undoubtedly in hell.
There's no way they can get back at me.
Serve me right, huh?
Yusaku: "Guh...uh..."
My consciousness is fading.
Blood is spurting out at an amazing rate.
I won't be saved, huh?
That's fine.
It's what I wanted.
I'd rather not live in prison.
I'm sure I'd be sentenced to death anyway.
Looking back, nobody has a happy ending.
We're all dying young.
But hey, lady.
It's your fault.
You mustered up unnecessary courage.
If you had just complied, we could have both enjoyed ourselves.
I taught you what it means to be a woman.
...
Well, it doesn't matter.
I'm glad I got to have sex one last time.
Climaxed multiple times next to your husband's corpse.
Sent you straight to heaven.
It was the best.
You were, at that time.
If there's an afterlife, let's meet again.
Next time, as my beloved wife.
There's no way someone like you could be reincarnated as a human, right?
Perhaps.
Then I'm fine with being a cockroach.
Just the sight of my greasy form makes your skin crawl.
That's right.
I'll crawl right into your vagina in that form...
...
...
...