...Two weeks later...
Ding-dong.
Chihiro: "Coming!"
Shouta: "...I'm home."
Chihiro: "W-welcome back."
Shouta: "Hah..."
Chihiro: "F-for dinner tonight, I made your favorite..."
Ah...
Chilled somen and tempura, that's it.
I swallowed the words I was about to say.
Chihiro: "Even though it's almost September, it was really hot today, wasn't it?"
Shouta: "Yeah..."
Chihiro: "..."
Shouta, who doesn't have a shred of energy.
Of course, I know the reason.
Chihiro: "...Did the detective come again?"
Shouta: "Like I said yesterday, every day recently."
Chihiro: "R-right..."
Shouta: "I'm going to take a bath."
Chihiro: "I bought a new shampoo for you."
Shouta: "...Thanks."
A sigh I heard as we passed each other.
I can't cheer him up, all I can do is watch his back as he leaves.
Chihiro: "Sigh..."
Why did this happen?"
The only thing that comes to mind is that question.
The days following the end of the festival.
Until then, everything was still normal.
In the end, I didn't accept the section chief's proposal.
I couldn't make up my mind at the last step.
Even on the day Shouta went on a business trip, I just quietly stayed home alone.
Maybe the section chief will come to the room?
I thought so, but nothing happened until the next morning.
I was the only one who felt stupid after spending a sleepless night.
But that's when the strange signs started.
Suddenly, I lost contact with the section chief.
No calls to my cell phone.
He must have gotten angry.
At my indecisiveness.
And that made me restless.
I pushed the non-accepting me to the back of the shelf.
I hesitated, but tried calling the section chief.
No answer.
Not even to voicemail.
I've been abandoned.
What should I do?
I can't get back to my old self.
That's what I regretted that night.
Shouta came home depressed.
I was taken aback by the unexpected news.
"The section chief has been confined to his home."
"He may be dismissed."
Why?
Even though his father is the head of the personnel department?
But I couldn't ask too much about the situation.
I was scared that I might say something strange.
And then a few days later.
I'll never forget that incident.
The official from the Ministry of Debt, who was entertained at the pool.
He was killed in front of his home.
He was stabbed in the chest from behind with a knife.
Right after that, the section chief disappeared.
Naturally, the office is in a huge panic.
Shouta, who was suddenly appointed as the acting section chief.
But having lost someone he could rely on, he's like a bird that had its wings plucked.
The extent of how significant the section chief was to him.
He spends every day fervently explaining that to me.
Chihiro: "..."
No one is happy.
Not Shouta.
Not the section chief.
And certainly not me.
I still hate the gaze of men.
Even my bra feels constricting.
On top of that, my anxiety about having spoken out the secret is mounting.
I'm even more jumpy than before.
Someone, please help me.
It's painful being unable to change anything.
Why did this happen?
That's still the question that comes to mind.
I'll probably keep asking myself that forever.
Those snake-like cold eyes.
That sarcastic smile.
And those spiteful words that make my lower abdomen ache.
Until the time comes when I see him again, forever...
...
...
...