Chihiro: "Mmm... "
A sense of guilt and immorality.
It keeps growing.
That's why I can't help but do this.
The more I think I'm doing something wrong, the hotter the core of my body gets.
This heat makes my lower abdomen even more wet.
Chihiro: "Ngh... Kiss... Suck... "
Yuusaku: "..."
Chihiro: "Suck... Lick... Ngh... "
A lewd woman.
Yes.
Exactly as the chief said.
Excited by the presence of my beloved husband.
I perform fellatio while picturing his smile.
As always, my mind and body are disconnected.
It's as if they don't align even by the tip of a hair.
But there's one thing I know for sure.
There's no turning back.
The hand of the chief I'm clinging to.
Everything will be over the moment I let it go.
Without a doubt, I'll become a lost half-way.
Probably, I won't even be able to go back to my former self.
Yuusaku: "...How about a hot spring?"
Chihiro: "Ngh... Mm... Mm..."
Yuusaku: "Hey, Akizuki."
Shouta: "D-did you mean me?"
Yuusaku: "Who else is there?"
Shouta: "I thought you meant Chihiro... S-sorry."
Yuusaku: "Recently, there are inns with open-air baths in the rooms. I think it's a perfect place for the three of us to spend time without hesitation."
Shouta: "Eh?"
Yuusaku: "What's up?"
Shouta: "T-three of us... Does that include the chief...?"
Yuusaku: "Are you stupid?"
The chief laughed with a grin.
He skillfully unbuttoned the collar of his shirt with one hand.
He started tracing the exposed cleavage over and over again with his fingertips.
Yuusaku: "Isn't there another one in your wife's belly?"
Shouta: "Oh, yes there is."
Yuusaku: "Forgetting about the fruit of love, you're quite a husband."
Shouta: "I-I'm very sorry."
Yuusaku: "Your wife says so too."
Chihiro: "U...g... "
The chief's mischief.
The very person who is carrying that fruit.
Is sucking on a penis other than her husband's.
Chihiro: "Ugh... Kuh... Suck... Slurp... Ugh... "
That's why he said it on purpose.
Because the more I realize I'm a terrible woman.
The chief knows that my pussy gets wet.
Not a lewd woman, but a pervert.
No joke, I think it's more fitting.
This misery made my underwear even wetter.
Yuusaku: "...Akizuki."
Shouta: "Y-yes."
Yuusaku: "If we're going to do it, let's go somewhere that has both the best of the sea and the mountains. If the food is bad, it ruins the whole trip."
Shouta: "Is there really such a convenient place?"
Yuusaku: "There is, actually."
Chihiro: "Sloppy... slurp... ngh... splash... ngh..."
Shouta: "...Like an inn that you know of?"
Yuusaku: "I used a place like that for a business meeting last winter. It doesn't have an open-air bath in the room, but it's a nicely quaint and slightly rundown inn."
Chihiro: "Ngh... splash... ngh... mm... ngh... u..."
Yuusaku: "It's probably empty this time of year, so we should be able to relax, don't you think?"
Shouta: "That sounds good to me!"
Shouta's voice was a bit loud.
At the same time, the chair rattled.
For a moment, I thought he had stood up.
Chihiro: "..."
I panicked.
My whole body shrunk by a size.
But that excitement caused my lower abdomen to throb.
I was close to letting out a weird voice.
Chihiro: "U...g... "
Please, no more.
Adding any more risk.
Even if I thought that, their conversation wouldn't stop.
I can only direct a resentful face at the chief.
Shouta: "I'd prefer if it was just the two of us as much as possible."
Yuusaku: "...Yeah, I guess."
Shouta: "So, where is this inn?"
Yuusaku: "The location is..."
For a while, the chief's overly detailed explanation.
As if he had prepared it from the beginning.
I felt a little creeped out.
Of course, the risk didn't decrease during the explanation.
Every time something happens, I'm left with a pounding heart.
What I hate the most is his gestures calling him to the kitchen.
Each time, I frantically let go of the penis.
Coughing conspicuously, I desperately tried to cover up.
Yuusaku: "That's how it is."
Shouta: "Oh, I was surprised because it's closer than I thought."
Yuusaku: "Right?"
Shouta: "I didn't know there was a hot spring inn in such a place."
Yuusaku: "It's a hidden gem known only to those who know."
Shouta: "I see."
Yuusaku: "Not only the hot springs, but the food was also quite something. Though it can't compete with your wife's cooking, of course."
Chihiro: "U..."
A bad premonition.
When this man praises me out of the blue.
Most of the time, it's the intro to some terrible act.
Probably this time is no exception.
Yuusaku: "Tonight's dinner was excellent, wasn't it?"
Shouta: "Y-Yes."
Yuusaku: "I particularly liked the simmered daikon. I suppose it takes quite a bit of time to soften such a thick one."
A sudden pressure.
Chihiro: "Uh...ugh..."
Suddenly...
The penis is pressed deep into my throat.
I'm dizzy from the suffocating feeling.