Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yuusaku: "So?"
Chihiro: "Hmm..."
Yuusaku: "You just squatted down?"
Chihiro: "...That's not it."
Yuusaku: "Then get started."
Chihiro: "Pl-please don't rush me."
Yuusaku: "The longer we stay here, the riskier it gets."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Chihiro is closing her eyelids tight.
She is doing everything she can not to look at the object in front of her.
Does she hate my penis that much?
I suppose so.
It's aggressively large.
So grotesque it's incomparable to her husband's.
Without a doubt, she feels that way.
To you right now, it's nothing more than a disgusting object, isn't it?
But you know what?
Eventually, your womb will ache for it.
Just at the thought of this penis.
I think you have quite a potential.
I sense something twisted in you.
That's why you're making such a fuss.
I won't violate you that easily.
A special female deserves special treatment.
Yuusaku: "...Open your eyes."
Chihiro: "Hmm..."
Yuusaku: "I won't know if you're kissing it."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
What a truly detestable man.
All he spouts are crude words.
But there is some logic to what he says.
I don't want to put my lips on unnecessary parts.
Of course, I don't want to touch it with my fingers either.
Minimal contact is fine.
So, reluctantly, I opened my eyes.
Truly fearful.
But the moment I did, I regretted it deeply.
I feel dizzy from the extreme disgust.
What is this?
When I saw it in the changing room, there was some distance.
When I was insulted in the reception room, it was just the tip.
But this time it's different.
The entire grotesque object is right in front of me.
Even without an erection, its size is clearly visible.
From the tip to the base, it's darkened considerably.
Of course, I'm not particularly experienced.
The only man I know besides Sho-chan is one other.
But I'm sure it's larger than average.
I hate this kind of violent penis the most.
It's really disgusting.
Do I really have to put this thing in my mouth?
Chihiro: "Uh... Ugh..."
A chill surpassing cold runs through me.
I wish I could just disappear.
I'm not joking, that's what I'm thinking.
Actually, I was on the brink of despair.
The lewd explanation from the section chief about what would happen if I sent a letter.
At that time, I felt like I was going mad.
The only thing that kept me grounded was the baby in my belly.
Because it's not just my life.
A happy home where I live with Sho-chan and our child.
That's what I'm trying to protect.
That's why I'm squatting like this.
Trying to lick the penis of a man I don't even like.
Chihiro: "No... Ah... Uh..."
I extend my tongue and briefly touch the tip.
I don't need to see it anymore.
As soon as I can confirm its position, I immediately close my eyes.
A transparent, sticky liquid.
Even though it's soft, it's dripping strangely.
Unlike Sho-chan's, it's a bit bitter.
I don't want to swallow.
I gently mix it with my saliva and spit it out.
Yuusaku: "...What are you doing?"
Chihiro: "Uh..."
He saw me clearly.
He can look, but he shouldn't speak.
The face of the section chief comes to mind.
From that point on, I am frantic.
Forcing myself to forget who I am, I put the penis in my mouth.
I intentionally blank out my mind.
Because I don't want to remember any part of this.
Chihiro: "Uh...!?"
But from there, the hell begins.
The penis that inflates like a balloon.
My oral cavity is filled up quickly.
Still, the strangeness of it continues to inflate.
It feels like the corners of my lips will split.
Chihiro: "Uh... Guh..."
Does this man ever have sex?
Are there women in the world who can accept something like this?
The thickness is so abnormal that I can't help but think that.
The ham assortment set I received as a midsummer gift...
I remember the thickest one from them.
Chihiro: "Uh... Mm... Guh... Uh..."
I'm having trouble breathing.
My throat is blocked.
Above all, this rough sensation.
It's as if I'm holding a strange creature in my mouth.
But I have to keep going.
So as not to waste the courage I mustered.
Chihiro: "Ugh... Kuh... Puh... Gah... Uh..."
Bloop, bloop... bloop... bloop... bloop...
Chihiro: "Ugh... Uh... Uh... Phew... Guh... Uh... Hag... Uh..."
Zap.
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Please finish breaking me quickly.
If you've made your decision, pull out your penis.
The semen that gushed out and filled my mouth.
It's an incredible amount, more than I imagined.
I want to spit it out, but the thick penis is plugging my mouth.
Stop.
At this rate, I'll swallow it.
Chihiro: "Uh... Guh... Puh..."
No.
I can't swallow.
I feel like I'm being dirtied from the inside out.
Chihiro: "Mm... Uh... Uh..."
It's painful.
The intense taste and smell are making my head spin.
The rich semen flowing down my throat.
I'm swallowing involuntarily, without my own will.
Chihiro: "Ugh... uh..."
It's over.
I really can't go on.
Chihiro: "Mm... Guh... Mm... Gulp... Gulp... Gulp..."
Zap...
Yuusaku: "...Look."
A letter torn in half.
Once again, it strokes my cheek and falls to the ground.
It's over.
In a worse state than I had imagined.
Slurp.
Chihiro: "Puh... Ah... Gah... Cough..."
Even though it's getting softer, the thickness remains the same.
So I finally spit out the chunk of flesh.
In front of me, who is on all fours, hangs the penis drooping down.
It's still twitching as if enjoying the afterglow.
As if it's proud of what it did.
Everything is disgusting.
Even the surface shining with my own saliva.
Even the accumulation of semen that has become a drop at the tip.
Everything in sight.
It's all driving my heart wild.
Yuusaku: "You'd better pick it up quick or the wind will blow it away."
Chihiro: "Ugh... Cough... Cough... Cough... Uh..."
Yuusaku: "You look just like a dog."
Chihiro: "Uh... Cough... Cough... Uh... Uh..."
Yuusaku: "With those big tits, you might be more like a dairy cow."
Say whatever you want.
Idiot.
Inhuman.
I shower him with invectives in my mind.
I start desperately gathering the scattered letters.
Tears are smearing from the corners of my eyes.
It's not just because of the discomfort of coughing.
Chihiro: "So, you planned to do this from the start."
Yuusaku: "Huh?"
Chihiro: "Making me swallow... that's too cruel."
Yuusaku: "I thought you might be thirsty."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yuusaku: "Oh, scary."
Chihiro: "Don't joke at a time like this."
Yuusaku: "You mean I should do it when it's fun?"
Chihiro: "You... you..."
Yuusaku: "No need for compliments, they make me blush."
Chihiro: "You... you live to harass others."
Yuusaku: "Hmph..."
You've got semen around your mouth
It's not just anyone, it's your wife, right?
Yuusaku: "You've got semen around your mouth."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yuusaku: "Unless it's a gift for your husband."
Chihiro: "...Is it fun for you to say things like that?"
Yuusaku: "It is fun, yeah."
Chihiro: "You... Inhuman."
Yuusaku: "Like I said, I don't need compliments."
Chihiro: "You should see an ear, nose, and throat specialist, Chief."
Yuusaku: "Isn't it just limited to your wife, not anyone else?"
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yuusaku: "So, because I'm like that, you think everyone else is the same?"
Chihiro: "...Sho-chan was also treated badly by you."
Yuusaku: "I don't remember ever making him suck my dick though."
Chihiro: "Don't say disgusting things."
Yuusaku: "Should I make him go through the same thing then?"
Chihiro: "Don't be ridiculous..."
Yuusaku: "He's quite obedient after all."
Chihiro: "Stop joking, please."
Yuusaku: "He might do anything for a promotion."
Chihiro: "He's not the kind of person who would abandon his pride to obey others!"
Yuusaku: "So you say..."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yuusaku: "You should say it with a smile, if possible."
Chihiro: "I don't have any smiles to show you."
Yuusaku: "I'm surprised to be disliked that much."
Chihiro: "I'm fine with you thinking that. Just hurry up and delete the photos."
Yuusaku: "What are you talking about?"
Chihiro: "The photos of me on your phone."
Yuusaku: "You mean the molestation photos?"
Chihiro: "You promised to delete them."
Yuusaku: "If your wife isn't lying, that is."
Chihiro: "Didn't you say you made a judgement?"
Yuusaku: "I did."
Chihiro: "Then..."
Yuusaku: "It's half truth and half lie."
Chihiro: "Ha... Half is a lie?"
Yuusaku: "You sounded like 'I always do it'."
Chihiro: "I only said I've done it before."
Yuusaku: "But you seemed very confident..."
Chihiro: "That's something you assumed..."
Yuusaku: "You're not good at things like blowjobs, are you?"
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yuusaku: "Bullseye, huh."
Chihiro: "Anyway, I've done it before. So it's not a lie."
Yuusaku: "Do you also hate sex by any chance?"
Chihiro: "Enough already, please."
Yuusaku: "...Tell me."
Chihiro: "That's not something to be discussed with others..."
Yuusaku: "You might be a dead fish in bed."
Chihiro: "...Dead fish?"
Yuusaku: "You just lay there without moving."
Chihiro: "I... I do a little bit..."
Yuusaku: "A little isn't enough."
Chihiro: "...Is it wrong for a woman to be passive?"
Yuusaku: "Of course it is. Sex is..."
It's something you do to feel good
It's neither to do nor to be done
Yuusaku: "...That's not all there is to it."
Chihiro: "What else is there?"
Yuusaku: "If it doesn't make you feel happy, there's no point in physical intimacy."
Chihiro: "That sounds like a rationalization you just thought of."
Yuusaku: "Don't force your beliefs onto others."
Chihiro: "You, who aren't even married, wouldn't understand about married life."
Yuusaku: "..."
Chihiro: "Ah..."
Yuusaku: "You're thinking you spoke too harshly, aren't you?"
Chihiro: "No, not really..."
Yuusaku: "Your expression tells me everything."
Chihiro: "Even if that were the case, so what?"
Yuusaku: "It means that I understand you to some extent."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yuusaku: "So, send my regards to your beloved husband. I'll be waiting at the station at 7 a.m."
Yuusaku: "It's neither about doing nor being done."
Chihiro: "...I don't understand what you're saying."
Yuusaku: "It's something where both parties have to desire each other, right?"
Chihiro: "Anyone would know that."
Yuusaku: "But you spoke as if it was okay to be passive."
Chihiro: "...I'm just leaving it to my husband."
Yuusaku: "So you're a dead fish after all."
Chihiro: "We are not children to be dictated by you, Chief."
Yuusaku: "Hmm..."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yuusaku: "Then, send my regards to your accommodating husband. I'll be waiting at the station at 7 a.m."
Chihiro: "We still have important business to finish. Delete the photos on your phone right now."
Yuusaku: "Let's continue this another time."
Chihiro: "I don't want to be put off any longer."
Yuusaku: "It's just half a day."
Chihiro: "Huh?"
Yuusaku: "You'll come to the station with me. Think of a suitable excuse."
Chihiro: "Why?"
Yuusaku: "I'll fulfill the other half of the promise then. As long as you dress appropriately for the morning rush hour."
Chihiro: "Wait a minute..."
The Chief, Mr. Zama, starts to walk away briskly.
This time, he shows no signs of caring about what's behind him.
He's not just making it seem like he's leaving; he genuinely intends to go.
Chihiro: "Uh..."
I couldn't chase after him, not in this state.
I'm worried about Sho.
The letter that was my greatest fear is in my pajama pocket.
So I can only watch his retreating figure.
It's always as he wishes.
I'm just walking down a narrow path.
Chihiro: "Uh..."
I feel sick.
The moment the tension broke, my stomach churns.
It's undoubtedly because of the semen I swallowed.
Chihiro: "Uh...uh..."
I run up the stairs as fast as a rabbit.
It's the first time I've been thankful for being barefoot.
No matter how fast I run, there's hardly any noise.
I'm also grateful that I feel sick.
It helps to distract from the feelings that are about to crumble.
Even if it's temporary, it's good.
I want to erase all memories.
I want to empty my mind.
...
*Flush*...
Chihiro: "..."
Chihiro: "...Sigh."
How many times have I been to the bathroom?
I feel sick, but I can't vomit at all.
The filthy semen from Chief.
It's still inside me.
That's why I sigh.
If I could, I'd like to turn myself inside out and wash myself.
Of course, I've rinsed my mouth multiple times.
Repeatedly in the washroom after going to the toilet.
But I refrain from using the shower.
Because I know it makes a lot of noise.
I don't want to disturb the neighbors, of course, and I don't want to wake up Sho.
I'll also have to explain why the Chief has left.
I'll probably just be flustered.
I don't think I can even look at him straight.
Chihiro: "..."
I quietly peek into the Japanese-style room.
Sho is still sleeping with his back to me.
He's sound asleep, making cute snores.
That's better.
If I saw his sleeping face, my emotions might suddenly rise.
Chihiro: "Uh..."
I suddenly became scared.
Being careful not to make a sound, I firmly close the sliding door.
I then stagger to the table.
Without turning on the light...
I rest my cheek on my hand and start staring blankly into the room.
Nothing in the room has changed.
Only I have.
My dirty lips.
My dirty tongue.
My dirty throat.
I can't kiss Sho for a while.
Chihiro: "Uh...uh..."
I mustn't cry.
If I hold back, it won't end easily.
I need to remember something fun, even if it's forced.
With my teary eyes, I look around the room.
Desperately searching for something that can cheer me up.
What caught my eye immediately was the photo on the chest of drawers.
Sho is posing alone in the photo with a smile.
He was against hanging it in the room, but I love it.
A drive to the pier...
It's a memento from our first date.
I still vividly remember that day.
Along the way, we were surrounded by some troublesome people.
Sho was apologizing all the time, even though we hadn't done anything.
After being hit by the most intimidating guy...
He knelt down and bowed his forehead to the ground.
It was a truly pathetic sight, enough to astonish the others.
But thanks to that, the incident ended quickly.
I got in the passenger seat, feeling uneasy.
The real confusion was after that...
It's because Sho didn't try to cover it up at all.
No bluffing, no excuses.
It was as if the incident hadn't happened.
His expression was the same, smiling.
He was just gently smiling as always.
Chihiro: "..."
Sho with dark circles around his eyes.
He's looking at me from the photo.
A slightly goofy expression.
He hasn't changed at all.
Chihiro: "Hic..."
Unconsciously, I wiped my lips.
Over and over.
And at the same time, large tears started to well up.
If I don't cover my mouth, my sobbing might reach the Japanese room.
I have to hold it in.
Nothing's over yet.
I just managed to avoid the immediate crisis.
If he wanted to, he could replicate the letter many times.
Solving the problem at its root...
I knew I had to do it.
The question is how.
The more obedient I become, the deeper I fall.
But I can't ignore his orders either.
At 7 AM...
When day breaks, I'll meet him again.
Even though I'm hesitant, I'll probably obey.
An outfit appropriate for a crowded train.
What could it mean?
Should I dress like an office lady?
But why?
What's the next goal?
Where does he plan to take me?
Chihiro: "Uh..."
I can't take it anymore.
Please stop tormenting me slowly.
If it has to be done, I'd rather it be done all at once.
I could bear a pain that feels like having my limbs torn off.
An act that would make the Chief cut off his involvement.
Should I just go to his room and let him hold me?
Would that end everything?
Chihiro: "...uh...sob..."
Stupid.
What am I even thinking?
I must be out of my mind.
Even in my imagination, it's unthinkable.
To accept such a disgusting thing.
I can't stand to look at it or touch it anymore.
Just recalling it makes me want to run to the bathroom.
A disgusting color, like a sea cucumber.
Yet, only the tip was shiny.
It was sickening.
Not only the color, but its abnormal size as well.
I could barely fit it in my mouth.
I feel sorry for the women who have been with the Chief.
It must be like torture.
If it were me, I'd be torn apart up to my navel.
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Again.
My lower abdomen contracted tightly.
It must be the revulsion.
Or maybe the baby is protesting.
I'm sorry.
I'll stop thinking about these strange things.
Chihiro: "..."
I leave the table and head to the Japanese-style room.
I check the alarm clock and quietly lie down on the futon.
My heart is pounding heavily.
The guilt won't let me calm down.
The images that came to mind behind my closed eyelids.
First, the Chief's face.
Then, his dark penis.
Chihiro: "Uh...hu...uh..."
I'm such a fool after all.
I shouldn't have recalled those memories.
I feel like I'm on the verge of having a nervous breakdown.
This can't continue.
I have to find a way to resolve this.
If I don't, I'll probably...
I'll...
...
......
.........