Yusaku: "..."
Yusaku: "So, no goodbye?"
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Chihiro, after having been released from his physical control.
She quickly discards her wedding dress.
She slips on a dress directly over her bare skin.
She wipes down the table, which is covered in urine.
Then she removes her husband's shirt.
Trembling in fear that he might wake up, she cleans the dirty areas with a wet towel.
She's finally managed to get him changed into pajamas.
She's so caring, isn't she?
Even after having sex...
She remains in a state of submission.
Despite having just ejaculated, my cock starts to throb again.
Yusaku: "Well, give my regards to Section Chief Akizuki."
Chihiro: "Uh...sob..."
Yusaku: "Heh, looks like you're about to start sniffling."
Chihiro: "What... What did you do to my husband?"
Yusaku: "You're still in the middle of changing him, right? I'll just leave on my own. You take care of your husband."
Chihiro: "Please answer my question."
Yusaku: "He's just drunk and asleep, isn't he?"
Chihiro: "That's not normal!"
Yusaku: "He didn't even wake up when he was pissed on."
Chihiro: "I thought something was off for a while now..."
Yusaku: "For a while now?"
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yusaku: "Tell me, since when?"
Chihiro: "During... during the time you were having sex with me."
Yusaku: "You'll find that a thicker penis feels much better, doesn't it?"
Chihiro: "Don't dodge the topic."
Yusaku: "If you want to be dominated again, just come to my room. I'll have sex with you if I feel like it."
I casually turn around.
Holding the dress under my arm, I prepare to leave on my own.
Chihiro: "Ah...uh..."
Chihiro stands still, unable to say anything.
It seems my final words were the finishing blow.
Well, it's no surprise.
Today was full of more events than ever.
She was toyed with in the pool.
Then she was violated by me when we got home.
In the end, she even peed on her husband.
Yusaku: "(Heh...)"
When I think about it, it's amazing.
Raw penetration and ejaculation inside a pregnant woman.
And all of this happened in front of the person she loves most.
Any normal woman would have given up on life by now.
But she endured.
You're just the type of person who's used to this, aren't you?
Yusaku: "...Well, then."
I deliberately take my time tying my shoelaces.
But even so, it seems like I can't keep this up much longer.
It's time to end this lingering afterglow.
All that's left is to go back to my room and raise a celebratory toast.
Yusaku: "See you around, pregnant lady."
Chihiro: "W-wait."
Yusaku: "If you have something to say, call my cell."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Bam!!
Yusaku: "!!"
A strong blow to the back of my head.
My body, which was about to stand up, collapses weakly at the entrance.
Yusaku: "You, you..."
What the hell is she doing?
The agreement was to slap cheeks, not heads, right?
I turn around with a demonic expression.
However, everything in front of me is pitch black from the initial hit.
Honestly, I don't even know which way I'm facing.
Bam!!
Yusaku: "Gyah!!"
It hurts.
This time it's from the front.
Sparks fly in the darkness.
My face suddenly becomes warm.
The air I breathe in smells strongly of iron.
Blood.
I'm bleeding.
And a lot of it.
Damn it.
Who said she was a woman who could endure?
Blaming myself for underestimating her is too late.
I'm still in my collapsed state.
I can't even run away, let alone counterattack.
Yusaku: "...Don't... think... you'll... get... away... with... this..."
I try to intimidate her blindly.
But for all that, my voice sounds weak.
The strength leaves the fist I was clenching.
My anger starts to fade, as if proportional to the blood that's gushing out.
This isn't good.
Everything in front of me is still pitch black.
I don't even have the strength left to hold my forehead.
By the way, what was I doing?
My head is in turmoil.
My consciousness is fading.
Before I know it, I can't hear a single sound.
Eventually, I even forget what happened to me.
I'll have to think hard to remember...
...
...
...
Yusaku: "...?"
A bad premonition.
Before turning around, I quickly dodge my head to the side.
Thud!!
Chihiro: "Ah..."
A dull pain in my shoulder.
Yusaku: "That hurts."
Chihiro: "Ah...ah...uh..."
Yusaku: "...What do you think you're doing?"
Chihiro: "Uh...ah...I'm sorry..."
Yusaku: "Hmph..."
I slowly stand up like a zombie.
I snatch the wooden rolling pin from Chihiro's hand.
It's heavier than it looks.
If it had hit in the wrong place, the entrance would be a sea of blood by now.
Yusaku: "I asked what you think you're doing."
Chihiro: "Eek..."
Smooch.
Chihiro: "Ah!!"
Without waiting for her answer, I push Chihiro against the wall.
Then I give her an intense, uncompromising kiss.
Even so, perhaps due to narrowly avoiding a crisis...
I found myself in a strangely excited state, unlike when I was tormenting her.
Chihiro: "Mm...mm...uh..."
Yusaku: "Our agreement was to slap the cheek, not the shoulder, wasn't it?"
Chihiro: "Uhh...no...not a...kiss...no...ah..."
Yusaku: "Or were you aiming for the head instead?"
Squish...
Chihiro: "Hiii..."
I thrust the stolen noodle stick into her skirt.
I'm forcibly wedging it between her thighs, and then jerking it up.
Yusaku: "It's a shame you missed your mark."
Squish...squish...
Chihiro: "Ah...no...it's going in...uh..."
Yusaku: "That's the idea."
Squish...squish...push...
Chihiro: "It...hurts..."
Yusaku: "Why did you hesitate?"
Chihiro: "Hmm..."
Yusaku: "You hesitated a little before hitting, didn't you?"
Push...knead...knead...
Chihiro: "Uhh...ahh...uhh...ahh..."
Yusaku: "If it hadn't been for that, it would've been a strike."
Chihiro: "Uhh..."
Chihiro's sigh escapes from our overlapping lips.
It sounds like she's blaming herself, full of sadness.
Yusaku: "...Well, it doesn't matter."
Chihiro: "...Ku...uh..."
Yusaku: "You'll understand in due time."
Squish...uh...
I'll leave it at that for today.
I pull out my tongue and the noodle stick that I'd pushed in.
I also let her body free.
Chihiro: "Ah...haa..."
Chihiro has an empty look on her face.
In the end, she can't move a step from where she is.
Rubbing her back against the wall, she squats down in the entrance.
What's the matter?
We're so close that our genitals rubbed against each other.
Did she dislike kissing me that much?
Before her butt even hits the floor...
She presses the back of her hand against her lips, wiping it off as if I were her mortal enemy.
She's probably distracted by that.
Unusually for her, her legs are slightly open.
Thanks to that, her pussy is in full view.
I can see it.
I don't say anything, just admire her pussy.
Yusaku: "...I can see it."
Chihiro: "Ah..."
Chihiro, in her defenselessness, closes her thighs in shame.
While pulling her skirt, she covers her precious part with her hand.
I don't say anything, just admiring her pussy.
But it was only a matter of time.
Even in this state, she seems unusually sensitive to my gaze.
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Chihiro quickly closes her thighs.
While pulling her skirt, she covers her precious part with her hand.
I don't really care.
That's just like a good wife.
Otherwise, you wouldn't be you.
Yusaku: "...I'll hold on to this weapon for a while."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yusaku: "You should be grateful that I managed to avoid it. If things had gone wrong, you could have been arrested for attempted murder."
I threaten Chihiro with the noodle stick.
Pretending to wipe off the wet tip, I torment her breast through her clothes.
Chihiro: "Uh..."
Yusaku: "If you feel like making pizza or something, come to my room to get it."
Click... Bang...
Yusaku: "..."
The summer night breeze strokes my cheek.
I lean against the closed door.
I start to smirk as if I've let go of my restraint.
The more I hold back, the more my cheeks relax.
This expression is my true feeling right now.
Yusaku: "...Hehe."
Hey uncle,
I wonder what that strange reaction was.
Just thinking about it excites me.
This is the first time a woman has stirred my imagination so much.
Including the fact that she's pregnant.
Everything is fueling my desire.
We had sex.
But it's not over yet.
The real fun is yet to come.
The more I devour her, the more her taste comes out.
Perhaps this feast will go on forever...
...
...
...