...The following day, at 11 AM...
Male Obstetrician: "It's certainly a little red, but it doesn't seem to be anything to worry about."
Chihiro: "Is, is that so?"
Male Obstetrician: "Did something happen that's worrying you...?"
Chihiro: "Ah, no... not really..."
Male Obstetrician: "But it is definitely a bit red..."
Chihiro: "Well, for now, there's nothing..."
Male Obstetrician: "Consider me your partner until childbirth. Don't hesitate to consult with me about even minor things."
Chihiro: "Thank you... very much..."
Though the doctor couldn't see, I bowed my head slightly.
Still, I was a bit shocked.
The pain when I was penetrated.
It was much worse than when I lost my virginity.
But the important part was untouched.
It's a cause for celebration, but for some reason, I couldn't accept it.
I hated that I was fine without any punishment.
I felt like I was becoming a brazen, lustful woman.
Chihiro: "Ah... ah..."
This isn't good.
I should stop thinking strange things.
I'd rather not fill the trash can with cotton again.
I closed my eyes.
I decided to just follow the faint sound of metal that I could hear.
Now, I won't think about anything.
I won't worry about anything.
As soon as I step outside anyway.
I'll have to face myself as a woman who was raped...
...
Chihiro: "..."
Chihiro: "...Haah."
Intense sex is a no-go.
The position should be one that doesn't strain the belly.
Once morning sickness starts, we should also refrain from marital life.
Etc., etc.
I was given the same explanation as the first time, all over again.
But the doctor's kind expression.
Just that was enough to soothe my heart.
I feel like I'd start crying if someone was kind to me right now.
That's how weak and thin my nerves are.
Chihiro: "..."
Chihiro: "...Haah..."
I've been sighing a lot since a while ago.
My steps grew heavier the closer I got to the station.
In the end, I stopped completely.
What should I do from here?
I don't feel like aimlessly shopping.
But I hate the idea of going home even more.
The place that used to be a love nest for the two of us.
Now it's becoming more like a torture chamber.
Chihiro: "...Haah."
It's a weekday at noon.
Everyone on the streets seems busy.
I'm all alone in the crowd.
Standing still without anywhere to go.
Chihiro: "..."
Something's strange.
I feel like I'm the only one left out of the loop.
It feels like I've been left behind by the flow of time.
Am I quite lonely?
...
Thinking about it, maybe I am.
Since getting married, I only have acquaintances, less than friends.
Even though I can casually call them, there isn't anyone who I can call out.
It was always enough if Shochan was by my side.
I've always thought that.
Chihiro: "...Fuu."
Somehow, I'm feeling lonely.
Lonely and empty.
Someone, please listen to my troubles.
Even if you're disgusted or angry, it's okay.
An adulterous wife.
A failure as a wife.
It's your fault for being so vulnerable.
So you don't even have the right to worry.
On the contrary, if I was told that, my mind might feel a bit easier.
I'd even give up on my hopeless self.
But that's an unattainable wish.
It's not a matter I could discuss with an acquaintance.
In the end, all I have left is to blame myself.
Chihiro: "..."
Right.
If it's a stranger, then it's okay.
I suddenly started looking around.
Looking for someone like the obstetrician.
How foolish.
Even if there was such a person, I don't have the courage to call out to them.
I'm a failed wife who betrayed Shochan.
The guilt is just making me act like a clown.
Chihiro: "Ah..."
No good.
I made eye contact with a strange old man.
What should I do?
He's chewing on a toothpick, maybe after lunch.
He's blatantly looking at my chest and getting closer.
I take back what I said earlier.
I'm fine with being lonely.
I don't need anyone to confide in.
So, please don't look at me with those lewd eyes.
Please, don't come near me.
**: "What are you getting all flustered for?"
Chihiro: "!?"
Chihiro: "Ah..."
Yuusaku: "Hey..."
Chihiro: "Uh... uh..."
I was surprised.
I almost sat down on my butt.
But thanks to that, the old man changed his direction.
He passed by me, looking like he had been overtaken.
I felt saved by the devil for a moment.
But if I think about it calmly, it's not like that at all.
Another ambush at the station?
Did he get tired of waiting for me, who never shows up, and came to look for me?
A tense face.
Naturally, my body is on guard.
I shouldn't have been standing in such a place.
I have to run away.
But what if I'm chased?
I'm wearing jeans today.
I'm even properly wearing underwear.
I was considering all possible patterns.
Trying to bring to mind as many reassuring elements as possible.
Chihiro: "Wh-what do you want from me?"
My voice is trembling.
Is it because I'm nervous? My words sound strange.
Yuusaku: "I heard from your husband that you're going to a hospital in the next town in the morning. Of course, he didn't mention it was the maternity clinic, but I thought I could meet you if I waited at the station."
Chihiro: "Huh..."
As I thought, it's an ambush.
He's going to do something weird to me again.
The moment I thought that, my legs began to tremble.
I'm scared.
I'm so frightened that the noise of the crowd disappears.
All I can hear is the voice of the devil in front of me.
Chihiro: "Is... is my husband okay?"
While voicing the thing that concerned me the most, I step backward.
Yuusaku: "He seems to have a bit of a headache, but he's the same as always, so don't worry."
But more importantly...
Chihiro: "Ah..."
From his chest pocket, a cell phone.
Seeing the lens facing me, I almost sat down on my butt again.
Yuusaku: "Actually, I forgot to delete it."
Chihiro: "D-delete?"
Yuusaku: "Of course, it's that picture."
Chihiro: "Eh... eh...?"
I'm surprised by the unexpected words.
Yuusaku: "Why are you making such a puzzled face?"
Chihiro: "I-I'm sorry."
Yuusaku: "...Even the one who was raped apologizes honestly."
Chihiro: "Don't say such words here..."
I quickly look around.
Suddenly, the noise returns to my ears.
The passing people are all pretending not to know.
No one seems to care about us.
That's good.
It's good but strange.
While I'm relieved, I suddenly realize.
Why am I the one trembling?
The offender is this devil.
Yet, he has a face that shows no trace of guilt.
Yuusaku: "This will be the last one."
Chihiro: "Are you really going to delete it...?"
Yuusaku: "Did you think I came here without any significant reason?"
Chihiro: "Uh... umm..."
Yuusaku: "I will properly pay the price."
While saying that, he gestures as if urging me to hurry up.
In other words, he wants me to press the button.
What should I do?
My mind can't keep up with the unexpected stroke of luck.
Usually, I leave everything to the devil.
But this time, it might be better to accept it honestly.
It's the last one.
I want to confirm with my own eyes if there are any other strange photos.
Yuusaku: "...Here."
Chihiro: "Y-yes."
Yuusaku: "There's nothing that would bother me if seen, so feel free to check if you want."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
He's seen right through my feelings.
But I can't back down.
I have to do what I can before he changes his mind.
Of course...
I know what I need to do first.
Chihiro: "...I'm going to press the button."
Yuusaku: "Go ahead."
The hateful picture.
Disappear, be gone.
Beep.
Chihiro: "Ah..."
I feel like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders.
The surrounding scenery even seems a little brighter.
Then, I checked the other images in succession.
Of course, I display them small in catalog mode.
Most are likely for work...
They're just documents or buildings.
But among them, there's just one.
An image that looked like a simple pattern was mixed in.
Beep.
Chihiro: "Ah..."
The moment I zoomed in.
I unconsciously covered the display with my hand.
Chihiro: "Th-this..."
Yuusaku: "What's wrong?"
Chihiro: "Is... is this me?"
Yuusaku: "..."
The devil peeks at the screen through the gaps in my fingers.
He quickly pulls his face away.
Then he just smiles smugly.
Chihiro: "Is this me?"
Yuusaku: "Maybe."
Chihiro: "H-how could you... this picture... when..."
Yuusaku: "...Just while you were in the station's infirmary."
Chihiro: "Just... just like that..."
I can't stand it anymore.
I want to sit down and cry.
The genitals filling the screen.
Its grotesqueness even makes me feel nauseous.
Yuusaku: "...Delete it."
Chihiro: "Huh?"
Yuusaku: "Just delete it."
Chihiro: "..."
Chihiro: "...Is that okay?"
Yuusaku: "Otherwise, it looks like you'll smash my phone on the ground."
Chihiro: "I... I wouldn't do that."
"I wouldn't do that."
I feel stupid for saying that.
Considering what he's done to me, I should be allowed to do that.
But if I think about what comes after, it's impossible.
He'd probably retaliate a hundred times over.
Yuusaku: "If you want to keep it, that's fine too."
Chihiro: "N-no, I'll delete it, I'll delete it."
Beep.
Yuusaku: "...It's done."
Chihiro: "..."
As his hand is held out to me,
I return the phone to the devil without smashing it on the ground.
Such a sudden end.
That's why my anxiety only grew.
Considering everything that's happened, it's only natural.
I'm afraid there might be a catch.
Chihiro: "Um..."
Yuusaku: "What is it?"
Chihiro: "Are there really no more pictures...?"
Yuusaku: "Didn't I tell you before? It was only in my phone."
Chihiro: "I... I remember that, but..."
Yuusaku: "Then there's no problem, is there?"
Chihiro: "..."
Chihiro: "Ah..."
He left.
Cutting off the conversation midway.
Chihiro: "Ah..."
It's not over.
He must have left some images somewhere.
I hurriedly chased after him.
His worn-out navy blue suit...
I'm keeping my eyes on it without blinking.
It's okay.
The distance is about 10 meters.
If I jog, I can catch up right away.
Chihiro: "W-wait a moment, please."
Yuusaku: "..."
Chihiro: "Ah..."
He ignored me.
He should be able to hear my voice.
His attitude solidifies my suspicion.
He was so persistent.
He wouldn't give up my weakness so easily.
Chihiro: "W-wait..."
My tangled feet.
His fleeing back.
It was similar to another time.
Chihiro: "(Ah...)"
Right.
When he was about to put the letter in the mailbox, that time.
It's like rewinding time.
A bad premonition.
But I can't resist the growing anxiety.
No matter what, I can't stop chasing him...
...
Chihiro: "Hah... Hah..."
Just barely safe.
I almost got caught in the door.
Yuusaku: "...Why are you following me?"
Chihiro: "B-because..."
Yuusaku: "Isn't your house in the opposite direction?"
Chihiro: "Because you won't stop..."
Yuusaku: "Sorry, but I'm busy."
Chihiro: "Then, please tell me the truth here."
Yuusaku: "Huh?"
Chihiro: "You easily deleted the photos..."
Yuusaku: "You're persistent, ugly."
Chihiro: "..."
An exasperated expression.
Then the devil doesn't even glance at me.
He keeps peeking at the newspaper of the person sitting in front of him.
Chihiro: "H-hey..."
Yuusaku: "..."
Chihiro: "Don't ignore me, listen to what I'm saying."
Yuusaku: "You're annoying."
Chihiro: "Ugh..."
An even more exasperated expression.
He looks at me as if I'm a pesky fly.
With that look, the devil turns his back on me.
He starts walking briskly.
It's as if to put distance between us.
Chihiro: "(W-wait...)"
I was left behind at the door.
I feel really miserable.
My gaze, deliberately looking outside, is restless.
More than I felt on the street, a hole opens in my heart.
I even feel like I've become a fly...
...
Chihiro: "W-where are you going?"
Yuusaku: "...You'll understand when you see the station we get off at, won't you?"
I understand.
That's why I asked.
Chihiro: "W-why won't you tell me why you're going home?"
Yuusaku: "What's so strange about returning to my own room?"
Chihiro: "Aren't you supposed to be at work now?"
Yuusaku: "I'm just going back to change clothes."
Chihiro: "I... I can't believe that."
Yuusaku: "Damn... You follow me without being asked, and now you're calling me a liar."
Chihiro: "Y-you're the one who won't tell me the truth."
Yuusaku: "You're just not convinced, aren't you?"
Chihiro: "..."
The devil's pace is getting faster and faster.
I'm almost jogging.
Chihiro: "C-could you walk a little slower?"
Yuusaku: "Are you stupid?"
Chihiro: "I'm stupid, after all."
Yuusaku: "Why do I need to accommodate you?"
Chihiro: "That's true, but..."
Yuusaku: "If the bouncing of your chest bothers you, hold it tightly with your hand."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
I thought he would say that.
Cruel.
It's the worst to mention someone else's complexes.
Especially in public.
Chihiro: "(Hah... Hah...)"
After that, the devil does not slow down.
The distance between us is only getting larger.
He's truly a man without a shred of kindness.
He could use a bit of Shō's humility.
...
Yuusaku: "..."
Chihiro: "Hah... Hah..."
Yuusaku: "Here's to your persistence."
Chihiro: "Ugh... Hah... Hah... Ah..."
Yuusaku: "I'll admit that you have guts."
Chihiro: "Hah... Hah... Huh..."
Yuusaku: "Shall I treat you to some cold tea as a reward?"
Chihiro: "I-I won't fall for that again."
Yuusaku: "Huh?"
Chihiro: "So... your real intention was to get me to your room."
Yuusaku: "Listen..."
His expression is still smug as ever.
But his gaze is unusually cold.
Yuusaku: "Think what you will of me, it's your business. But you can't meet with someone from the Ministry of Debt in a wrinkled suit, can you?"
While saying this, the devil extends his wrinkled sleeve.
He looked at me again with a mocking look.
Of course, I'm not going to stay quiet.
Who would believe the words of a wolfish middle-aged man?
Chihiro: "Y-you should have done that before going to work."
Yuusaku: "I didn't have time when I was leaving."
Chihiro: "What didn't you have time for?"
Yuusaku: "Picking up my suit from the cleaners."
Chihiro: "You didn't stop anywhere on the way."
Yuusaku: "They deliver it to the gas meter when I'm not home. It's a little trick to make single life less inconvenient."
Chihiro: "Uh..."
I'm in trouble.
His story is consistent.
Yuusaku: "Well, the reason I said I'd treat you to cold tea was admittedly contrived."
Chihiro: "...Huh?"
Yuusaku: "You've followed me all the way home. While you're at it, you might as well search my room."
Chihiro: "Y-you mean..."
Yuusaku: "You're worried I might have kept data, aren't you?"
Chihiro: "..."
What does he mean?
Did he offer me tea out of consideration for my feelings?
And let me search his room?
No way.
That's impossible for him.
It's impossible, but...
If I could do that, it would certainly alleviate my anxiety.
Yuusaku: "What will you do?"
Chihiro: "E-even if you ask me what I will do..."
Yuusaku: "I don't mind either way."
Chihiro: "Ah..."
He left without waiting for my response.
What a hasty person.
I wish he would take a page out of Shō's book in this regard.
Chihiro: "W-wait."
I reluctantly follow him.
That's all I could do right now.
Fortunately, he didn't take the elevator but the stairs.
I should have time to think before we reach the room.
Yuusaku: "...Are you coming?"
Chihiro: "N-no...um..."
Yuusaku: "You're as indecisive as ever."
Chihiro: "S-sorry."
What an idiot I am.
I shouldn't apologize.
But what the devil says is right.
I worry about everything to the extreme.
Especially if there's a risk involved.
Because of that, I naturally slow down.
Before I knew it, I was a flight of stairs away from the devil.
Chihiro: "(...What should I do)"
That's right.
There was the rolling pin.
I have to go get it.
A reason as contrived as the devil's.
But it's much better than having no reason at all.
Chihiro: "I-I'm coming."
I suddenly speed up.
The devil turns around again at the sound of my approaching footsteps.
Yuusaku: "You took too long to decide."
Chihiro: "P-please return my rolling pin."
The devil gives a bitter smile.
Without saying anything, he turns his face back to the front.
Yuusaku: "I don't mind that either."
Chihiro: "W-what do you mean?"
Yuusaku: "Women always need a reason, after all."
Chihiro: "Uh...ah..."
His every word is infuriating.
Even though I can't help but think that.
But to be honest, the rolling pin was just the final push.
At the root, there was a more masochistic reason.
The fact that I was raped.
That gives me a strange kind of courage.
No matter what happens from here on out, nothing worse than that will happen.
In a way, I can feel more at ease because Shō isn't here.
The fact that I'm thinking like this...
I think it's pathetic and stupid.
But still, I keep climbing the stairs.
While being reasonably prepared.
Me, having my chest fondled.
Me, having my precious parts toyed with.
And me, being raped again.
If I anticipate the worst, the shock will be less.
Where he stops is up to the devil.
Of course, I'm not okay with that.
But strangely enough, my feelings don't waver.
Just for the sake of a future where I can feel relieved, I was firmly looking forward...
...